Privacy Policy

The Application
This privacy policy governs your use of any of our software keyboard applications for mobile devices (“The Application”). By using the Application, you accept the terms and conditions of this Privacy Policy.

Data Collection
We take your privacy very seriously. The application is NEVER collecting any personal data like credit card numbers or passwords. The application learns your typing behavior, for giving you better word predictions and corrections. The application is using Google Analytics to collect non-personally identifiable visitor information, including, but not limited to, the type of mobile device you use, your mobile operating system, country, city and information about the way you use the application.
For more information on Google Analytics see Google’s privacy policy at https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/

Third-party disclosure
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your Personally Identifiable Information unless we provide users with advance notice. However, non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.

Purchases
Any purchase of the application or parts of it is done using Google In-App Billing library and is managed by Google. Before making a purchase, you must make sure that you are satisfied with this application. We are NOT obligated to give any money refund in any case, including cases of bugs, missing features or expectations mismatch. We may decide to refund a user according to our own decision only.

Commercials
The application may use Google Admob, Facebook Audience Network and/or any other third party ads platform for displaying advertisements in the application. We will not be responsible for the content of these advertisements or for any kind of damage or offence caused to you by it.

Changes to this Privacy Policy
We reserve the right to change this Privacy Policy in the future. Your continued use of the application following a change in the Privacy Policy represents consent to the new Privacy Policy to the fullest extent permitted by law. We encourage you to periodically review this Privacy Policy.

